# Changelog

## 1.0.0 (2023-02-19)

Bulk changelog update & arbitrary version bump.

## Code changes
- Add support for centering timeseries axis on zero
- Update stat panel for Grafana 9.x
- Align timeseries panel API to the table panel
- Convert table panel identifiers to camelCase
- Support sorting tables
- Update support for table panels
- Support specifying color selection mechanism on timeseries color overrides
- Fix ability to show/hide grid lines in timeseries panel
- Add support for timeseries panels
- Enabling instant capabilities for logs
- Change the cloudwatch target's default period to 'auto' (#347)
- Add text mode to stat panel (#310)
- jsonnetfmt
- Add a little helper library to automatically manage the layout of panels.
- Update grafonnet-7.0
- Fix broken link to grafana templates
- Replaced wrong link to "Usage"
- Add overrides to the Gauge panel
- Add addOverride and addOverrides functions to graphPanel and StatPanel
- AddTransformations and AddTransformation methods for table panel (#265)
- Update sql : add attribute alias
- Remove obsolete metadata generated by grafana
- Update gauge_panel : Add timeFrom attribute
- Delete TODO
- add maxDataPoints
- Add Cloud Monitoring
- Update cloudwatch.libsonnet : Add `hide` attribute
- fix argument name
- Add maxDataPoints to heatmap
- Add nowDelay to timepicker
- fix repeatMaxPerRow
- Update graph_panel.libsonnet : Add interval attribute
- Update cloudwatch.libsonnet : Add id and expression attributes
- Add timeFrom to stat panel.
- Update generated Code From Dashboard Spec Project
- make maxDatapoints for singleStat configurable
- rename addDashboardLinks to addLinks
- Add fillGradient param to graphPanel
- Write generated lib to grafonnet-7.0
- grafonnet-spec-7.0
- Enhance dashboard to support adding multiple dashboard links
- Make target to import generated Jsonnet from spec
- Update graphPanel: add multiple links
- Configure legend format in Loki target.
- Fix some typos/mispellings
- Made repeatDirection=null by default to match Grafana behavior.
- Changed 'repeatMaxPerRow' to 'maxPerRow'.
- Add 'hide' param to influxdb target
- Fix template.custom when multi=true is given (#232)
- Define bar gauge. (#249)
- Removed the trailing white spaces
- Added link field to table_panel

## Documentation updates
- Add note about Grafonnet 7 and CUE
- Update repository documentation
- Fix docs for the table panel
- Fix links to datasource docs
- Typo in usage example.
- Add timeFrom param description
- Adds community plugin for bigquery panel to docs
- Document the addition of generated code
- Add documentation
- Add some missing API documentations
- Fixed issues with 'default' jsdoc consistency.
- Made the JSDoc of default values consistent across template and prometheus source files.
- Added text panel jsdoc and repeat options.
- Fixed typo. Added "expr" parameter to Prometheus.target JSDoc.
- Added documentation for Prometheus.target
- Added documentation for template.adhoc
- Added documentation for template.text
- Added documentation for template.custom
- Added documentation for template.datasource
- Added documentation on the 'current' parameter in template. Documented 'query' and current arguments for template.interval. Added unit tests for interval to better test the parsing of the query.
- Fixed typo in documentation
- Removed documentation after @name as the JSDoc parser doesn't handle it well.
- Removed documentation after @name as the JSDoc parser doesn't handle it well.
- Added documentation for the interval variable
- Added jsdoc for template.new()

## Test updates
- Update tests to use Grafana 9.3.6 & jsonnet 0.19.1
- Upgrade cypress from 10.11.0 to 12.6.0
- Bump cypress from 10.9.0 to 10.11.0 in /e2e
- Update e2e test image to Cypress 10.11.0
- Update e2e tests to use Node 18
- Bump ini from 1.3.5 to 1.3.8 in /e2e
- Update grafana to 9.2.4 in e2e tests
- Bump ludeeus/action-shellcheck from 1.1.0 to 2.0.0
- Bump actions/dependency-review-action from 2 to 3
- Add dependency review action
- Configure dependabot
- Make tests.sh pass shellcheck
- Add shellcheck linter
- Add GH workflow to run tests
- Fix tests
- Upgrade e2e test dependencies
- Update tests
- Add target tests
- test-update
- ci fixes
- Fix tests/graph_panel
- Update test - Replace dashboard links with regular links
- Ran make test-update
- Updated expected output in unit tests following changes
- Added unit tests for the repeat function of text panel.
- Adding test with links as done for graph_panel
- Added a unit test for the current: 'auto' value in template.new()

## Repository maintenance
- Move layout to contrib folder.

## 0.1.0 (2020-07-29)

Includes a breaking change for `gauge`. It has been renamed to `gaugePanel` to
be consistent with the project's panel naming convention.

### Features

* **panel**: Create Stat Panel, Update Gauge Panel
  ([#242](https://github.com/grafana/grafonnet-lib/pull/242)).
* **template**: Add adhoc template variable
  ([#245](https://github.com/grafana/grafonnet-lib/pull/245)).

### Enhancements

* **panel**: Add support for repeat in pie chart panel
  ([#246](https://github.com/grafana/grafonnet-lib/pull/246)).

## 0.0.1 (2020-07-06)

The project is almost 3 years old and this is the first official release.

Historically, users have targeted a specific commit for their personal and
organization's usage. Today, we're creating the first "official" release for
folks to optionally target. This marks a small step in carrying out plans for
making Grafonnet more accessible to our community and improving compatibility.
